Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
John.
You need to step away now.
We have to do our work.
You have to move.
John.
Why did you come here tonight?
She,
She left a note saying she'd be here.
Did she say why?
Take photographs.
Okay.
Keep him here.
Put him in your car
the front seat.
Get him a coffee.
Yeah.
C'mon, sit down a minute.
Detective Cardinal.
I'm so sorry.
Harris, bag her hands.
We need to treat this
like any other suspicious death.
I'm gonna need some room Detective.
Come with me.
Go ahead.
I'll be right there.
Lise!
I found the note in her bag.
It's Catherine's handwriting?
Had she been behaving differently?
I thought she was off her meds.
She was talking about quitting therapy.
But,
we talked.
She seemed, She seemed good.
We need to get you home.
Her car,
I don't know what to do about her car.
We'll take care of that.
And you.
You shouldn't be driving.
Yeah.
Come on.
I'll take you home, Detective.
Kelly. It's Dad.
Your,
You need to come home.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com.
You took that?
People always look better in pictures
taken by people who love them.
She hated having her picture taken.
Yeah, she didn't like herself.
That's not true.
All evidence to the contrary.
I'm sorry.
It's just I'm mad at her and I
can't believe that you're not.
Are you okay Dad?
Can you do this?
I'm fine.
It's just,
my feet hurt.
New shoes.
Take them off.
I'm not seeing your mother off in socks.
She'd want you to be comfortable.
How's your sister?
She's not good.
She's got a couple of weeks left.
Maybe days.
I'm sorry.
So you decided against the NIS training?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, maybe it's just as well,
with everything that's going on.
John?
I can let you be alone.
No.
Plenty of time for that.
Dr. Bell, thanks for coming.
I won't ask how you're doing.
But I want to offer my help,
if there's anything at all,
You saw her,
right before.
We had a session, yes.
She tell you what happened between us
in Toronto?
Yes.
But she also told me you'd made up.
She felt good about you two.
There were no signs,
none that I could see,
I-I would have taken steps.
So then,
something happened afterward then,
something to trigger her.
She always had to struggle, John,
you know that.
It was a beautiful service.
So many people loved Catherine.
But of course they did,
she was special.
People are leaving. I-I should,
say my goodbyes.
I don't wanna go inside just yet.
You want to take a walk?
I need to,
lie down.
Island Road house. One hour.
I don't know if I can do one,
but maybe two?
Park down the road,
like last time, all right?
Okay.
Bye.
Anyone see you?
No one's around anymore.
Summer's over.
No no no no no no no.
You're leaving?
I thought we could order in some food,
I'm,
I'm late for dinner again.
This can't keep happening.
Randall.
I don't even have time to take a shower.
Can you wait before you go out?
Randall.
Can we maybe hang out
for more than an hour
together some time?
Yes, I'm-I'm working on that.
Just not tonight.
Okay?
Okay.
Blanket.
Thank you.
Bye.
Wow. That is one hell of a view.
Wow, so big!
It's a nice place.
Is it hers?
No. It's mine.
Where is she?
She's not coming.
She asked me to handle this.
So please, sit down.
That's not what we discussed.
Do you have the money? Yes?
Yes, I have the money.
Then let's celebrate.
Y'know, I'm having second thoughts.
About what?
Roman, I think you should
go and get the guns right now.
Put that thing away.
If you don't I'm gonna kill her,
I'm gonna kill her right in front of you.
Stop it! People know we're here.
Irena, run!
No! No!
Hey.
Catherine's things,
like you requested.
They've been released.
This means no further investigation.
The coroner's ruling of suicide holds.
Yes.
Did you get any more of those cards?
They seem to have stopped.
Like I said,
probably just some ass
who wanted to feel power over a cop.
You can start next week if you want.
Take some time.
No. I'm sick of being on leave.
Need to be busy.
Do you want to drive in together?
No.
I'll drive.
I'll see you there.
Okay.
Hey, what's going on?
We need to talk.
I need to see you.
Later. I promise. I'll call you.
No, listen.
Something happened at the house.
Well, what do you mean?
Did-did someone see you?
People came in and
they were arguing.
I heard gunshots.
Someone chased me.
Just one sec.
Gunshots?
Are you okay?
He tried to kill me.
He shot my car.
Randall, we need to go to the police.
Just, now don't do anything yet.
I-I'll-I'll figure something out.
We can get through this.
But I gotta go.
Just wait for my call, okay?
Trust me, Sam.
Okay. Bye.
It's good to have you back.
I'm sorry to hear about your sister.
Thanks.
Three different ATMs,
three victims,
all in the last week.
And he escapes how?
We think he parks a getaway car nearby
but nobody's seen it.
What can I do to help?
Can I speak to you?
Yep.
We have a situation on Island Road.
I want you to take the lead.
Shouldn't I stay on the ATM thing?
It's his first day back.
This looks like a mess.
He's not ready.
Okay.
Cardinal,
ride with me.
Looks like the bodies were
dragged out.
There's more blood on the carpet here.
Bullet hole.
Brain matter over here.
That's one victim.
Another one over there.
At least two people died in this house.
So where are the bodies?
Mail said the Schumachers.
It's a handgun,
looks like nine millimetres,
same as the casings.
Another round in there.
Inside, we've got prints
around the jimmied door.
Same ones on the broken picture,
one of the glasses,
and a partial on a bullet casing.
But he's not in the system.
So, victims knew the killer,
they had a drink with him,
and then what?
Something happens.
Someone gets upset.
A struggle.
A gun comes out.
Unlikely meant to go down that way,
but once it did,
no hesitation.
Two head shots.
Survivor hid under here
during the killings.
We got a long, black hair,
blue fibres on the quilt.
Prints, also not in the system.
And blood on the sill.
Also, some prints on the headboard
don't match the others.
Doesn't look like the Schumachers
were staying here.
Delorme.
Whoever went out the window over there
left footprints and blood.
They ran this way.
Footprints.
Two sets outside the house.
One belongs to the killer,
boots, men size 10.
The others are smaller, women's 6.
So where does she go?
Looks like she made it to a vehicle
and escaped under fire.
The rain that day helped.
We've got three distinct
sets of tire tracks.
So what do we have?
Three vehicles,
two victims, one killer.
And one survivor.
That's now up to five we
can put in the house.
So in addition to the Sportsman Show
and all the drunk and
disorderlies that come with that
we've also got the ATM muggings and
murders with no bodies,
so I know Thanksgiving is coming up but,
we're looking at overtime.
Hey John.
They were supposed to send
these to your house but,
never happened.
Great.
You find them,
the Schumachers?
We have a warrant on their financials,
we'll see if we turn up activity
since the murders.
Yeah.
I don't think it's them.
This isn't a squabble over money,
isn't a jealousy thing.
It's something different.
Okay.
Go get some rest.
It's been a long day.
We'll be back at it first thing.
Yeah?
Yup.
_
Jerry, it's John Cardinal.
Hey. I wonder if you'd do me a favour,
set me up with one of your
OPD document analysts
in Toronto?
No, no, it's,
it's not the Island Road house thing
it's something else.
Just between you and me,
if you don't mind.
Yeah. Okay.
Got it.
Thanks, I'll call her.
Tut-tut.
Police,
step away from the car.
Want to tell me why that
rifle is not secured?
Setting up my booth tomorrow
for the Sportsman's Show.
Wanna see my permits?
I've-I've got 'em all,
Come on, man.
Hey, what-what the-
Get back in the car.
Stop!
Police!
Are you okay?
I'll call the ambulance.
Police!
Did you see him?
Are you okay?
Shoot.
Yeah, request for backup and medical,
Parsons and First.
You go home at all?
A few hours.
We need to concentrate
the search for the bodies
on the lake.
'Kay.
You see that second boat there,
it's gone.
I'm thinking, he drags the bodies
out the front door to the car,
but the trunk's too small,
the bodies don't fit.
We found blood on the driveway, yes.
I found what I
think is blood on the dock.
So you think he dumped them in the water?
We need divers in the lake.
I think they're down there.
Okay, well,
you're not gonna believe this,
but I just got off the
phone with the Schumachers.
They're alive and well
and on holiday in Greece.
And according to them
the only spare key they
own is with the realtor.
I haven't been to the
Schumacher place in weeks.
So is that normal for
one of your listings?
Well they wanted to list it
at an unrealistic price,
refused to budge.
I didn't want to break my
back over dead weight.
You haven't asked what this is about.
Well I figured you guys
were getting to that.
Somebody break in or something?
We think that at least four people
illegally entered the house.
At least two are dead.
Are you serious?
The Schumachers?
They were out of town.
They're fine.
You tell us where you
were two nights ago?
Two nights ago?
I, was at my buddy Troy's place
and watched the game.
What's Troy's last name?
Campbell, he works at the rink.
So,
so you're telling me that
people were actually
murdered in this house?
We'll need you to come in
so we can get your fingerprints,
rule them out of evidence.
These tires come stock with this car?
Those, no, they're um,
they're-they're an upgrade.
Yeah, we'll compare them
to the tracks we found
at the Island Road house.
- Your open house.
- Mhm.
How was that game by the way?
Leafs tanked it again.
The Richter penalty cost
them the whole thing.
Yeah,
that's exactly what Randall said.
Great minds think alike I guess.
You ever visit any of Randall's listings?
Yeah, I've-I've
helped him out with a place or two, yeah,
clean it up.
What about a house on Island Road?
No, no, um,
mostly just places here in town.
If you think of anything else,
give us a call.
Yeah, will do, yeah.
Yeah, I guess Randall is a big shot.
So what do you think they're lying about?
I know.
Well, just give her whatever she wants.
I can't talk right now.
What do you need?
I need more divers
looking for these bodies.
Cardinal noticed a boat
missing from the dock.
We need to intensify
the Marine Unit search
around Island Road.
How's he doing out there?
He's good.
Well OPD has a sonar boat,
I can put in a request for that,
you have your divers and
I want you to keep the
land search going now too.
Yeah, I also need more overtime
cleared for ATM stakeouts.
He'll hit again.
Okay. You got it.
Kular,
I want you to ride with
Delorme into Toronto
with the evidence.
Happy to, D.S.
Actually, I'd like to go.
I didn't think you'd
want to face the drive
on your first week back.
No, it'll be good
and we can, talk about the case.
Yeah.
Are you in a hurry to get back?
I need to talk to Toronto Robbery.
They've had a couple ATM muggings
over the past few weeks,
same MO.
Do you want to come?
No. I should check on Kelly,
see how she's doing.
Yeah.
So I'll meet you here in a couple hours.
Well it all came from an inkjet,
I can tell you that much.
This is good, take a look.
What am I looking for?
Maybe how you find whoever wrote these.
See the H's and the T's?
There's splotches in the right angles.
It's in all the cards.
A printer flaw.
So whoever has this printer,
Not that simple.
It's a cartridge flaw,
which means as soon as the ink runs out
he gets a new cartridge
you can't pin him to these anymore.
I need to find him
before the ink runs out?
I'll print up the analysis.
You said there was something else?
Yeah.
So this Catherine killed herself?
It appears so.
But you're not convinced.
No, I am not.
Okay.
Dear John,
By the time you read this
I will have hurt you
beyond all forgiveness.
Please know how much I love you,
never more so than in this moment.
If there had been any other way.'
Jesus, that's grim.
Poor girl.
Worse for her family,
I need to know,
I need to know if the note was written
with the same pen as the
rest of the journal.
And when it was written
in relation to the last entry.
You see this page here with
the birthday reminder?
It looks to me as if the note
is the previous torn out page.
Yeah, yeah it does.
Give me a few minutes, I'll let
you know what I can find out.
Um.
So, I brushed over
the birthday reminder and toner.
And as you can see
the ink is on the indentations
from the suicide note.
So the note came before the list?
It's weird. Writing a suicide note,
then turning the page over
to write a to-do list.
It doesn't make any sense.
That's what I thought too.
But, on the other hand,
she did write a suicide note so
it seems like she was intending to do it.
Thank you.
This,
this helps.
Hey,
the John in the note and that journal
- that's not-
- I'll say hi to Jerry for you.
Thanks again.
No problem.
So, did you manage to see Kelly?
You ever hear anything
about the Scriver case?
Were you looking at cold cases
while you were on leave?
Thirty years ago,
Frank and Dorothy Scriver,
and their daughter Amy,
disappeared from Black Lake.
Just vanished.
What do they think happened?
Signs of struggle.
Blood from all three in the house.
But they never found any bodies.
Not on land anyway,
and back then the lake
was too deep to drag.
Water is a good
place to cover up a murder.
You were right to focus
our search on the lake.
But it doesn't make sense with this one.
I mean,
why sink the bodies and leave
all that evidence behind?
Unless he just didn't want
us to ID the victims.
But the woman upstairs.
I still don't get that.
And where is she now?
Why hasn't she called us?
Sam.
John.
You need to wake up.
Yeah?
Okay.
Divers found the boat an hour ago.
They're bringing it up now.
Must have taken the bodies out.
Swum back to shore.
Okay,
let's bring them in.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org